Question 1:
IETF stand for "Internet Engineering Task Force", they charge to define internet technologies.

Question 2:
is protocol that set a formal rules sey how to transmit or exchange data across the network.
    this protocol codified as a standard.

Question 3:
RFC is stand for Request For Comments and is a formal document from the internet Engineering.

Question 4:
Hypertext Transfer Protocol.

Question 5:
HTTPS is exactly like HTTP but with encryption and verification. 
    the different between those two is: https used with TLS(SSL) that help with the encryption and to digitally sign requests and responses.
                                        http used with TCP (Transmission Control Protocol), is protocol that used in the top of the IP to make sure that all the packets arrive to the destination correctly. 
    IP (Internet Protocol) allows us to sent data between devices on a network by contain location information and make devices accessible for communication

Question 6:
the general model of http is client server model by using requests and responses. meaning the user sand some requests and the server give him a response according to the requests.

Question 7:
user agent: is a name for any software who present data from the internet by web technologies, like web browsers media players and stuff like that.
Web server: is a computer that runs a lot of websites, its also distributes wab pages like they requisitioned. are main objective is  to store, process and deliver web pages to the user.
Proxies:    is a system/router who provide gateway between the user and the internet.

Question 8:
Proxies used for provide us a saver connection between our computer and the internet by a gateway between the computer and the internet.

Question 9:
if the protocol have a state it means that the system can be move from one state to another like determined by which processes take steps and which communication events occur.

Question 10:
no what means every requests is independent and not related to the previous request.

Question 11:
flow of http include: client request, server processing, server response, client processing, connection management. in this order. 

Question 12:
they contain more information about the resource that need to get or about the client that sent a require.

Question 13:
cookies are text that sent to your browser by the website that you are in it. 
    the purpose of it is to halp to the website to remember data about your visits and make the site more useful for you.

Question 14:
request contain the request line (the HTTP, the method), the headers (like question 12), and the message body.

Question 15:
response contain the status-line, the header (zero or more), an empty line to note the end of the header fields, the message body.

Question 16:
HTTP 3 is less distinct - the HTTPS is in a application layer, the HTTPS and the QUIC create a built-in security layer, and also the QUIC and the UDP are create transport layer. 
HTTP 2 is distinct application layer (HTTPS), a optional security layer (TLS) and transport layer (TCP) top on each other in this order. 